Tees Valley Learning Provider Network - Member Names
======================================================================

Total Members: 126
Source: https://www.tvlpn.co.uk
Date Scraped: 2025-11-16

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Dedicated to supporting Learning Providers and Learners to achieve their potential
2. We support Learning Providers, Colleges and Skills Organisations to achieve their potential in the field of work-based learning.
3. “Fantastic Network bringing together training providers and key partners to the benefit of Tees Valley”.
4. Middlesbrough Community Learning
5. “By far the most professional network I have been to… informative, thought provoking and leads the way with initiatives and funding.”
6. Northern Skills Group
7. “A well organised, professional and useful network that supports members fully”.
8. Darlington Borough Council
9. View & download our latest Apprenticeships brochure (PDF)
10. View & download our Higher & Degree Apprenticeships brochure (PDF)
11. Ensure providers are aware of the services available.
12. Ensure the level of service from the TVLPN is met.
13. Ensure members are fully aware of their rights and responsibilities as TVLPN members.
14. Ensure that members are fully aware of all activities undertaken by the TVLPN and members including sharing best practice and partnership working.
15. Represent members to local Stakeholders, Employers, and Schools etc.
16. Support all members with guidance, advice and support.
17. Provide members with up-to -date information from Stakeholders, relevant organisations and Network activities.
18. Ensure training needs are responded to (if appropriate).
19. Provide, organise and facilitate a range of demand led training.
20. TVLPN to generate income to sustain the Network through commercial work e.g. schools and other agencies.
21. Organise 4 full Network meetings per annum.
22. Organise 2 Steering group meetings per annum.
23. Design and produce collaborative marketing materials on behalf of all members.
24. Promote work based learning to a broad spectrum of clients on behalf of all our members.
25. Represent members on a variety of groups / boards across Tees Valley.
26. Organise and where appropriate, lead a variety of support groups for members supporting staff development and achieving quality of delivery.
27. Display member’s details on website with a link to their organisation site.
28. Provide excellent customer service in a friendly, efficient and professional manor.
29. Provide TVLPN with up-to-date information on changes to provision.
30. Provide TVLPN with a current logo and profile outline of their organisation (one paragraph).
31. Provide TVLPN with case studies as needed.
32. Promote TVLPN and collaborative marketing initiatives to increase the profile of Work Based Learning and the TVLPN.
33. When representing the TVLPN in collective marketing initiatives they will represent the TVLPN and not their own organisation.
34. Provide evidence of Matrix accreditation if involved in WRL activities within schools.
35. Respond to all reasonable requests for information by TVLPN by response deadline even if a nil return.
36. Participate in the annual Tees Valley Provider Survey.
37. Ensure a key representative attends the full Network meetings throughout the year.
38. Ensure a key representative attends the Annual General Meeting.
39. Represent providers at a range of forums and feedback to the TVLPN.
40. Ensure no activities undertaken will lead to the erosion of the TVLPN reputation and credibility.
41. Networking/ Communication
42. Employer Engagement
43. Partnership working
44. Registration & Certification audit
45. The TVLPN is managed from a Steering group, made up of 12 elected members of the Network member organisation representatives.
46. We are proud to support you in the following key areas:
47. AM Training
48. Baltic Apprenticeships
49. Be Pro Development
50. Beyond Housing
51. Castleview Group
52. Cogent Skills
53. Darlington College
54. Eden Training
55. Evolution Training
56. Gateway Qualifications
57. GEM Partnership
58. Hartlepool College of Further Education
59. Hartlepool Jobs and Skills Service
60. Hopefields Education
61. Itec North East Ltd
62. Kleek Apprenticeships
63. Learning Curve Group
64. Lokman Training
65. Middlesbrough Community Learning – Middlesbrough Borough Council
66. NETA Training Group
67. Middesbrough College Group
68. Optimum Skills
69. Orangebox Training
70. Redcar & Cleveland College
71. Redcar & Cleveland Training
72. Realise Training
73. Seymour Skills Academy
74. South Tees Hospital NHS Trust
75. Stockton Borough Council - Learning & Skills
76. Stockton Riverside College
77. Teesside University
78. TRN (Train) Ltd
79. University Centre Quayside
80. To represent TVLPN members to local Stakeholders, Regional groups, National Forums, employment services, schools including
81. To lobby and influence decisions at a local and national level.
82. To promote and share best practise in the interests of the TVLPN members.
83. To direct changes and improvements through working groups.
84. To market work-based learning and member’s offer
85. To participate in joint initiatives to benefit learners and members
86. To organise and offer funded or reduced rate training to members
87. Ensure that members are fully aware of all activities undertaken by the TVLPN and members including sharing best practise and partnership working.
88. Organise 6 full Network meetings per annum.
89. Duration of Membership
90. Annual membership fee (August – July  £400). All invoices are to be paid within 28 days.
91. Termination of Membership
92. How the TVLPN is managed
93. The TVLPN is managed from a Steering group, made up of 8-10 elected members of the Network member organisation representatives.
94. TVLPN will:
95. Independent training providers, voluntary & community organisations, FE Colleges, local authorities, universities and health authorities who deliver Apprenticeships, Study Programme and Adult Education Budget funded provision including Community Learning
96. Stakeholder agencies and funding bodies who are engaged in the sector such as the Tees Valley Combined Authority (TVCA), Education & Skills Agency (ESFA) Awarding Bodies, Job Centre Plus
97. Members are offered guidance, advice and support – individual and group sessions available. Sessions on demand
98. Network activities are communicated to members on an ongoing basis, so up to date information and opportunities are shared via email
99. Network members are represented by the TVLPN at stakeholder meetings and locally and regionally
100. Members are invited to bi–monthly Provider Network meetings
101. The TVLPN communicates with other Networks and shares best practice and acts as a conduit between stakeholders and members
102. Network members are encouraged to complete a yearly survey, which identifies their needs and supports their individual requirements as a member, to shape future agenda items and activities
103. New Network members are welcome and offered a short slot at the full network meetings to promote their provision to other providers and this has often resulted in greater partnership working between our members.
104. TVLPN represents our members at the various meetings promoting the training offer to local employers
105. The TVLPN supports Tees Valley Combined Authority (LEP) with the organisation of the annual Tees Valley Skills Event. School learners across Tees Valley attend. Exhibitors have the opportunity to promote their “provision” to over 2,000 learners across the Tees Valley
106. The TVLPN produces an annual Apprenticeship Leaflet, which promotes the Higher & Degree Apprenticeships, Apprenticeships and Traineeship offer and is distributed to all secondary schools, local Stakeholders, local YSS offices and local job centres across the Tees Valley
107. The TVLPN delivers impartial Apprenticeship IAG within schools across Tees Valley, promoting the Apprenticeship/Traineeship offer to learner’s in year 10/11/12/13
108. The TVLPN, on their members behalf, will attend selective school career fairs representing Network member’s delivery offer, whilst promoting Higher & Degree Apprenticeships, Apprenticeships and Traineeships
109. As a member of the TVLPN your member details will be displayed on TVLPN’s website with link to the organisation’s site
110. On behalf of members the TVLPN will promote the work-based learning offer to a broad spectrum of clients through various marketing opportunities other than those mentioned above
111. The TVLPN is a delivery partner for the Apprenticeship, Support and Knowledge for Schools and Colleges programme (ASK) funded by the National Apprenticeship Service, part of the Department of Education
112. Member Training -The TVLPN will provide, organise and facilitate a range of demand led training which is bespoke to our member’s needs. Our aim is to provide training / masterclasses at a reduced rate for members, which is always popular with members.
113. Learner Training – The TVLPN will provide, organise and facilitate a range of demand led training which is bespoke to your learners needs.
114. Quality Workshops
115. The TVLPN works with a variety of organisation’s; the local LEP – Tees Valley Combined Authority / Skills Funding Agency / Education Funding Agency / National Careers Service /Job Centre Plus / Youth Support Services 0-19 / AELP / National Citizenship
116. support members with Matrix Inspection
117. support Providers with Investors in People
118. support Providers with Ofsted Inspection
119. offer 1-1 peer support
120. organise and where appropriate, lead a variety of support groups for members
121. Members can hire a conference room at a reduced cost
122. Providers can use the Network to distribute job vacancies
123. Companies to sponsor Network meeting as seen appropriate
124. As a member of the TVLPN we are proud to support you in the following key areas:
125. Network Meetings And Communication
126. Recruitment- Staffing
